README.md, before:

# Code Kata Boilerplate for Java 8

[![LoC](https://tokei.rs/b1/github/chrysocode/java8-code-kata-boilerplate?category=code)](https://github.com/chrysocode/java8-code-kata-boilerplate)
[![Files](https://tokei.rs/b1/github/chrysocode/java8-code-kata-boilerplate?category=files)](https://github.com/chrysocode/java8-code-kata-boilerplate)
[![Total lines](https://tokei.rs/b1/github/chrysocode/java8-code-kata-boilerplate?category=lines)](https://github.com/chrysocode/java8-code-kata-boilerplate)
[![Comments](https://tokei.rs/b1/github/chrysocode/java8-code-kata-boilerplate?category=comments)](https://github.com/chrysocode/java8-code-kata-boilerplate)
[![Blank lines](https://tokei.rs/b1/github/chrysocode/java8-code-kata-boilerplate?category=blanks)](https://github.com/chrysocode/java8-code-kata-boilerplate)

Use the below badge if you use TestAsYouThink Core to write high-quality tests.
[![TestAsYouThink badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/Tests%20as%20first--class%20citizens%20with-TestAsYouThink-brightgreen.svg)](https://testasyouthink.org)

## Getting started

Fork this [repository](https://github.com/chrysocode/java8-code-kata-boilerplate) at first, then replace the artifact coordinates used by the build system. Name the code kata too.

### Tips

You may want to commit with another identifier to publish your code later. Nothing's easier:  
```
git config user.email "public@example.com"
git config user.name "Your Pseudo" # if needed
```

Take advantage of your IDE shortcuts while resolving any code kata. Download and print the [keymap](https://resources.jetbrains.com/storage/products/intellij-idea/docs/IntelliJIDEA_ReferenceCard.pdf) of IntelliJ IDEA.

### Command Line Interface as a GUI

You can invoke a standalone JAR after building it with the "standalone" Maven profile.
```
mvn package -Pstandalone # to build it
java -jar target/kata-standalone.jar # to use it
```

## License

This code kata boilerplate is distributed under the GNU GPLv3 license. The GPLv3 license is included in the LICENSE.txt file. More information about this license is available at [GNU.org](http://www.gnu.org).

Commit message:

[Documentation] Explain how to update a fork.

README.md, after:

# Code Kata Boilerplate for Java 8

[![LoC](https://tokei.rs/b1/github/chrysocode/java8-code-kata-boilerplate?category=code)](https://github.com/chrysocode/java8-code-kata-boilerplate)
[![Files](https://tokei.rs/b1/github/chrysocode/java8-code-kata-boilerplate?category=files)](https://github.com/chrysocode/java8-code-kata-boilerplate)
[![Total lines](https://tokei.rs/b1/github/chrysocode/java8-code-kata-boilerplate?category=lines)](https://github.com/chrysocode/java8-code-kata-boilerplate)
[![Comments](https://tokei.rs/b1/github/chrysocode/java8-code-kata-boilerplate?category=comments)](https://github.com/chrysocode/java8-code-kata-boilerplate)
[![Blank lines](https://tokei.rs/b1/github/chrysocode/java8-code-kata-boilerplate?category=blanks)](https://github.com/chrysocode/java8-code-kata-boilerplate)

Use the below badge if you use TestAsYouThink Core to write high-quality tests.
[![TestAsYouThink badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/Tests%20as%20first--class%20citizens%20with-TestAsYouThink-brightgreen.svg)](https://testasyouthink.org)

## Getting started

Fork this [repository](https://github.com/chrysocode/java8-code-kata-boilerplate) at first, then replace the artifact coordinates used by the build system. Name the code kata too.  
Make changes only in the "develop" branch.

### Tips

You may want to commit with another identifier to publish your code later. Nothing's easier:  
```
git config user.email "public@example.com"
git config user.name "Your Pseudo" # if needed
```

Take advantage of your IDE shortcuts while resolving any code kata. Download and print the [keymap](https://resources.jetbrains.com/storage/products/intellij-idea/docs/IntelliJIDEA_ReferenceCard.pdf) of IntelliJ IDEA.

### Command Line Interface as a GUI

You can invoke a standalone JAR after building it with the "standalone" Maven profile.
```
mvn package -Pstandalone # to build it
java -jar target/kata-standalone.jar # to use it
```

### Updating your fork

Update your fork as follows. It is assumed you did not commit in the "master" branch. Otherwise please send me a pull request.
```
git fetch origin master && git rebase -p --onto origin/master master develop && git branch -f master origin/master
```

## License

This code kata boilerplate is distributed under the GNU GPLv3 license. The GPLv3 license is included in the LICENSE.txt file. More information about this license is available at [GNU.org](http://www.gnu.org).
